so far away you know it's like I can
almost touch it so shiny yeah so near
and yet so practically very very far
yeah not just practically either well
congratulations I it pains me to say it
but you definitely absolutely excellent
it really is you doing a great job well
thank you very much well I'm just I'm
just so happy to be nominated with so
many other great shows
that's the honor can I just say that I'm
I don't I don't think you really mean
that I feel like you don't yes I do
no you don't you don't why do you say
that well I just because you're reading
it from cue cards you know
reading off your reading off with two
parts which makes it feel less
I don't know spot no one don't see you
are because it says no I'm not right
there on the car no Jimmy I'm serious I
would not be where I am today without
the pioneering efforts of shows like
yours still one so also from the cards I
don't know what's happening I have never
been more sincere in my entire life I
feel like you probably have though okay
yeah I'll prove it to you I will cover
my eyes okay okay I watch Jimmy Kimmel
Live every night and I think it's
terrific
[Applause]
yes it is written on my hand but it is a
permanent tattoo what why don't we take
a break and really express our
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares